Demo shells for RefAnis algorithms

Descriptions:
* Hudson
		Compute  effective parameters of anisotropic solids           
                using Hudson's crack theory.                                 
                The cracks are assumed to be vertically aligned,            
                penny-shaped and the matrix is isotropic. The 
                resulting  anisotropic solid is of HTI symmetry. 
                       
      output:                                                                  
         (a) stiffness elements                                        
         (b) density normalized stiffness components                   
         (c) generic Thomsen parameters (vp0,vs0,eps,delta,gamma)      
         (d) equivalent VTI parameters (alpha,beta,e(V),d(V),g(V)  


* Hti2Stiff
		Convert HTI parameters alpha, beta, d(V), e(V) and
		gamma into stiffness tensor


* RefRealVTI
		Compute exact reflection/transmission coefficients
		for waves with pre-critical incidence upon an
		VTI/VTI interface. Shown are:
		- P wave ref. coef. ignoring the anisotropy
                - P wave ref. coef. honoring the anisotropy
                - and a comparison of both curves

* RefRealAziHTI
		Compute exact reflection/transmission coefficients
		for waves with pre-critical incidence upon an
		HTI/HTI interface with throughgoing symmetry plane.
		(Actually, you can also use this code for VTI/HTI 
		interfaces)
		Curves can be computed for any azimuthal incidence
		angle. Shown are:
		- P wave ref. coef. for uncracked reflector
                - P wave ref. coef. for cracked reflector with gas filling
                - and a comparison of both curves

		The corresponding parameters can be computed using
		<hudson.c>

To run demos, type the names of the following shell scripts on the
commandline of a Unix terminal window.

Hti2Stiff      convert HTI parameters to stiffness
Hudson         equivalent anisotropy coefficients via Hudson's crack model
RefRealAziHTI  reflection/transmission coefficients for HTI media
RefRealVTI     reflection/transmission coefficients for VTI media
Thom2hti       convert Thomsen parameters to HTI coefficients
Thom2stiff     convert Thomsen parameters to stiffness coefficients


Author: Andreas Rueger, CWP 02-27-97 ----------

John Stockwell	 | john@dix.Mines.EDU
Center for Wave Phenomena (The Home of Seismic Un*x)
Colorado School of Mines
Golden, CO 80401 | http://www.cwp.mines.edu/cwpcodes
voice: (303) 273-3049  |    fax: (303) 273-3478.

