LIN_Rp  joint linear inversion of approximate PP and PS wave reflection
         coefficients: current version designed for anisotropic media
         including isotropic, HTI, VTI,  and orthorhombic symmetry.

Package LIN_Rp - 

--------------

is designed to approximately invert PP-, PS1- and PS2-wave reflection
coefficients for medium parameters of two halfspaces above and below a
plannar interface. The inversion uses linearized approximations of the
exact reflection coefficients (and hence is linear and fast), but the
inversion results can be biased due to numerical inaccuracies of the
approximations. The routines from the package are capable of inverting
the medium parameters of isotropic, VTI, HTI and orthorhombic
halfspaces. However, the linear inversion allows to invert usually for
those medium parameters that correspond to small- and
moderate-incidence angle reflections only, even if large-incidence
angle reflections are available in data.

The inversion takes place in two phases. PHASE1 (names of the
corresponding routines contain "phase1" part) inverts reflection
coefficients as functions of phase incidence angle and azimuth for
basic components that control the angular behavior of the reflection
coefficients at different incidence-angle- and azimuth-regions. Those
components consist of certain linear combinations of individual medium
parameters. In PHASE2 (names of the corresponding routines contain
"phase2" part), the basic components, corresponding to small- and
moderate-incidence angles only, are further inverted for the
individual medium parameters. Error analysis is carried out alongside,
providing standard deviations of the final results.

Addition to the inversion, bias-reduction process (BRP) routines are
contained in the BIAS/ subdirectory. BRP allows to reduce the bias
(due to inaccuracy of approximate reflection coefficients used in the
linear inversion) in estimates of well-constrained medium
parameters. More detailed description of BRP can be found in PhD
Thesis by P. Jilek (Modeling and Inversion of Converted-Wave
Reflection Coefficients in Anisotropic Media: A tool for Quantitative
AVO Analysis, CSM, January, 2002), pg.70-72.

All routines are written in Matlab. The inversion is based in
evaluation of pseudo-inverse matrix of the forward problem (using SVD
method). Determination of covariance and resolution matrices is a part
of the inversion. The covariance matrix describes the error of
estimated parameters, the resolution matrix is used in regularization
of ill-posed inversion problem that frequenly occurs. The routines
also allow to create some basic plots and view the results.


HOWEVER!
--------

All the routines from LIN_Rp package should be understood as examples
- providing a guidance only - rather than final user-friendly
programs. To use the routines as they are requires various adjustments
and set-ups directly in the source files, that fit a particular
inversion problem (particular data coverage, particular anisotropic
symmetry and particular data-error contamination). Therefore, the user
has to be familiar with basic principles of Matlab programming and the
algorythm of linear inversion (see PhD Thesis by P. Jilek fro
details). This is due to various specifics of every single inversion
that must be addressed interactively. To create one solid program that
would include all possible alternatives is therefore not a simple
programming project.  Matlab interactive environment is thus very
convenient.

The user may create his/her own routines, or can modify the existing
ones, using the guidance provided, regarding how to solve SVD problem,
how to find pseudo-inverse, how to evaluate covariance and resolution
matrixes and how to benefit from them, how to regularize the problem
(i.e., dumping), how to carry out BRP e.t.c. .



