This file is property of the Colorado School of Mines.

Copyright © 2002, Colorado School of Mines, all rights reserved.

Acknowledgements:
SU stands for Seismic Unix, a processing line developed at Colorado 
School of Mines, partially based on Stanford Exploration Project (SEP) 
software.

Einar Kjartansson wrote the beginnings of what is now called SU 
(the SY package) while he was a graduate student at Stanford 
University in the late 1970's. Kjartansson expanded the package during
his time as a professor at the University of Utah. In 1984 he
introduced then Stanford graduate student Shuki Ronen to SY.
In the intervening time, many contributions were made by the students
at Stanford.
In 1986 Ronen brought SY to the CSM during a one year postdoctoral 
appointment. During this time he and Jack K. Cohen began to turn 
SU into a supportable and exportable product for general use.

Chris Liner, while a student at the Center, contributed to many of the 
graphics codes used in the pre-workstation (i.e., graphics terminal) age of 
SU.  Liner's broad knowledge of seismology and seismic processing enabled 
him to make a positive and continuing influence on the SU coding philosophy.
Dave Hale wrote several of the ``heavy duty'' processing codes as well as 
most of the core scientific and graphics libraries.  His knowledge of good 
C-language coding practice helped make our package a good example for 
applied computer scientists.

John Stockwell's involvment with SU began in 1989. He is largely 
responsible for designing the Makefile structure that makes the 
package easy to install on the majority of Unix platforms. After
Jack Cohen's death in 1996, Stockwell assumed the role of principal
investigator of the SU project and has remained in this capacity to
the present.

Thanks go to all the CWP students present and past and to many in the 
worldwide SU community who have contributed to the package.

In memoriam:
Jack K. Cohen passed away in October 1996.  He is greatly 
missed by all who had contact with him in the mathematical, geophysical, 
and SU-user communities.

For further information, please contact: 

John Stockwell (john@dix.Mines.EDU)
Center for Wave Phenomena (The Home of Seismic Un*x)
Colorado School of Mines
Golden, CO 80401
http://www.cwp.mines.edu/cwpcodes
voice mail: (303) 273-3049; facsimile: (303) 273-3478.

This file is the property of the Colorado School of Mines.
