CWP Software Update: 07/02/91  (13th edition)

There are just too many changes to give much detail.  Ask by e-mail
if you want to know.   jkc

New Software:
	cwp.tar.Z:
		mnewt - solve multiple non-linear equations (Dave)
		holbergd1 - make Holberg's 1st derivative filters (Dave)
	xcwp.tar.Z:
		xmovie - coming at a theater near you (Dave)
	su.tar.Z:
		suttoz -convert traces from time to depth (Dave)
		suvcat - vertically paste together two data sets (Jack)
		suconv - convolve a filter with a data set (Jack & Michel)
		suxcor - cross correlate a filter with a data set ("")
		suxmovie - su driver for xmovie (Jack)
		fvgettr - su/lib routine needed for suvcat (Jack)

Changed Software:
	plot.tar.Z:
		psgraph options: lineon, lineoff-specify dashed line styles
	xcwp.tar.Z:
		Xgraph, Xmovie - resource files for xgraph, xmovie
	su.tar.Z:
		supswigp fgettr fgettra (Thx to Michel Dietrich)
		suvelan - params normpow, slowness (Thx to Serge Benoliel)
		sumute - new param to mute BELOW the polygonal line
		su/include files: su.h segy.h

Tweaked Software:
	plot.tar.Z:
		xwigb pswigb pswigp
	su.tar.Z:
		supsgraph suxgraph supscontour supef fputtr

Changed names:
	su.tar.Z:
		keyword -> sukeyword
		suspec1 -> suspecfx
		suspec2 -> suspecfk

Fortran software:
	CSHOT is a ray based modeling package by Paul Docherty previously
	proprietary to CWP sponsors.  Since its time has expired, the new
	version will be free.  It will come with a new set of
	release notes containing 14 examples.  Corresponding to each
	example in the notes will be a subdirectory in the distribution
	containing a shell called Xgraph that will reproduce the figures
	in the notes and contain all the files referred to therein.
	The Xgraph shell can be easily converted to PostScript graphics.
	Expected release: August 10

	CXZCS (available to CWP sponsors and friends only) is an existing
	program by Wenji Dong that inverts (migration +) common shot sections.
	A new version is being prepared by Mr. Zhenyue Liu that
	will use the CWP X and PostScript graphics and have demo
	directories analogous to those described above for CSHOT.

	CXZCO (available to CWP sponsors and friends only) is a new program
	by Chiang-Hsiang Su to invert (migration + ) common offset sections.
	The release will be in analogous form to the update of CXZCS.

General notes:
	The improvements described last time in the install scripts
	definitely seem to help.  However, it still isn't trivial on some
	hardwares.

	Although the installation doesn't say so, in order for
	xgraph and xmovie to work right, the resource files,
	Xgraph, Xmovie, found in ...cwp/src/Xcwp/main need to
	be where X can find them.  Typically people set an
	environment variable, XAPPLRESDIR, to that directory.
	We use /usr/local/cwp/lib/X11/app-defaults at CWP.
	Now why doesn't someone put information in the xcwp install
	to set this up?  Well, we are "dancing as fast as we can".

	Finally notice that Xcwp routines use the ToolKit unlike
	the Xplot routines that just use xlib.  It is almost
	inevitable that eventually the Xcwp stuff will also use
	the Motif widget set too (how else to provide decent menus?).

As always, let me know if you want OFF this list or if you want the
old editions.  Jack
