CWP Software Update: 12/17/93  (22th edition)


The new compressed tars are available at our anonymous ftp
Internet address:  hilbert.mines.colorado.edu
or
138.67.12.63
The directory path is: pub/cwpcodes     

The files you will need are (xx stands for the number of
the current release):
README_BEFORE_UNTARRING
untar_me_first.xx.tar.Z
cwp.su.all.xx.tar.Z
For incremental updating:
README_TO_UPDATE
update.yy.to.xx.tar.Z

For detailed information on the free materials currently
available from CWP (Center for Wave Phenomena), send e-mail
to:
cwpinfo@dix.mines.colorado.edu


*** Apology: In the past, we've casually referred to our
free materials as "free" materials.  This is not
correct, since we _do_ copyright our stuff.  When our
company lawyers get through shuffling papers, we'll put a
completely accurate statement in our materials.  But don't
worry, our stuff was free, is free and will remain free.

*** Thanks: Your response to our request to say some nice
things about SU overwhelmed us.  Thank you!  Thank you!  We
have, indeed, quoted many of your remarks in our pitch to
get financial support to keep the SU program healthy.  We
need this support because ...

*** ... SU has gone from an installed base of five some
fourteen months to 143 as of today.  This has certainly kept
us busy answering questions.

New
---
SUSWAPBYTES - SWAP the BYTES in SU data to convert data from
        big endian to little endian byte order, and vice versa
Algorithm by Jens Hartman, Institut fur Geophysik, Hamburg
SU adaptation by John Stockwell, CWP

GNU make and gcc support are improved.

Better support for SUN (using acc compiler) installs.

Color PostScript is added.

Changes in the xplot and Xtcwp libraries for improved
X-windows color control.

More conformability with ANSI C standards.


Changes
-------
suaddnoise: major bug squashed!
Now the code honors the filter parameters that the user
specifies.  Also updated to use "sufilter" instead of
"suband".

pscontour, pscube, psgraph, psimage, pswigb, pswigp:
all now have color PostScript options.  These can
be specified to supscontour etc. as well. (Craig Artley)

pswigb: The numbering of the axesbox sometimes exceeded the axesbox.
Fixed by Guy Drijkoningen and Martijn v.d.Runstraat at Delft TU,
implemented by Craig Artley.

subfilt.c suenv.c sufilter.c sufrac.c suhilb.c sutvband.c:
now recognize data with trid field (see segy.h) set to DEAD or
DUMMY as legitimate seismic data

segyhdrs: now sets hdt (number of samples ) in the binary header 
Thanks to Tom Pratt for this suggestion that, among other
things, makes it easier for Promax to read "tape files"
created by segywrite.

suresamp: no longer warns when user gives two point filter

suxcor.c, suvelan.c, suttoz.c, sunmo.c, sumigtk.c,
sumigps.c, sutvband.c, suxedit.c, suedit.c, suaddnoise.c,
suvcat.c, susynvxz.c, susynlvcw.c, susynlv.c, sustrip.c,
sustolt.c, sustatic.c, sustack.c, suspike.c, sushape.c,
suspecfx.c, surecip.c, surange.c, supef.c, suplane.c,
sumute.c, sulog.c, suilog.c, suimp3d.c, suimp2d.c,
sugazmig.c, sugain.c, sufrac.c, sufft.c, sufilter.c,
segyhdrs.c, suflip.c, sudmotx.c, sudmofk.c, sufdmod2.c,
sudivcor.c, suconv.c, sudipfilt.c, suchw.c, subfilt.c,
suascii.c, suacor.c:
These codes have had bzero or bcopy replaced with the ANSI
C equivalent memset, memcpy and/or have had explicit casts
added to increase ANSI C compatiblity (suggested by Tony Kocurko
and others, implemented by John Stockwell).


Future plan
-----------
We are writing a series of on-line demos & tutorials to
illustrate the use of SU.  Eventually, we expect a "demos"
directory to supplant the present "su/examples" directory.
There will be both X windows and PostScript versions.  The
idea for the demos is that the user runs the shell, windows
pop up on the screen and the user reads the shell to find
out how it's done.  We may also write a few tutorials that
are a bit interactive.  There are three examples largely
finished:
        Sorting seismic data
        Subsampling seismic data in time and space
        Deconvolution

Let us know if you want to be a "beta" site for any of these.
The files are small and could be e-mailed.

