SU News 03/29/91

I beg forgiveness from remote users* and long time adepts,
this is directed mainly towards the many newcomers I've seen in
the past few weeks in B83.  It has suddenly come home to
me that students from many divisions are using CWP software
(like ximage, xgraph, xwigb) and many are also using parts
of the subset known as SU (like segyread, sunmo, suvelan).

I had been dimly aware that Al Balch's students are users,
but this morning I happened to be in B83 while that group
was making a presentation and I was delighted to see that
they had ximages all over their screens.

I know that some of Rich Hansen's group uses some of
the CWP tools and this week I have spent substantial time
time with students from Tom Davis's and Ron Knoushaug's groups.

Uh.  It occurs to me that while individual tutoring is fun,
it isn't terribly efficient.  I am willing to schedule
demos and/or clinics if this is desirable.  Let me know
if you are interested in this.  If you are new and want
the previous 8 SU bulletins, let me know that too.

Also, please forward this message to others you think should
see it and let me know too, so I can send future CWP/SU
software informs to them.  Likewise let me know if you want
to be OFF this mailing list.

Other News:
Example shells:
	The example shells in /usr/local/cwp/src/su/examples,
	are coming along well.  Those essentially in final form
	are: Segyread Cdpsort Getcdps Cos,Plotcos Filtertest
	Decontest Cvstack,Plotcvstack Nmoscan,Plotnmoscan Velan

	These are NOT the first SU shells you should look at.
	The sub-directory OtherShells has some simple novice
	examples like Acor, Spec1, etc.

	These shells use Korn shell syntax extensively.  One
	task completed this week was making Bourne shell
	translations (Cvstack.sh, etc.).

Migrations coming to SU:
	Justin Hedley will be coding up some of the standard
	items like Gazdag and Stolt basing his work on Dave
	Hale's classroom codes + some efficiencies and
	extensions.  So that Dave's course can continue
	to be as much fun for future students, these codes
	will not be readable locally.  At the moment, the only
	migration in SU is Dave's powerful sumigtk.
* OK, as a partial peace offering to the remote users,
I promise to tar up su/examples for "anonymous ftp"
sometime next week.
