CWP Software Update: 7/02/93  (20th edition)

The new compressed tars are available at our anonymous ftp Internet address:
hilbert.mines.colorado.edu
or
138.67.12.63
The directory path is: pub/cwpcodes	

!!! Our ftp is now fixed, so that ``dir'' and ``ls'' work
---------
!!! We now have INCREMENTAL update facility, if you've already installed
    version 19, take only the files:
    	update.19.to.20.tar.Z
	update.list
    New users or users with version 18 or older will need:
    	README_BEFORE_UNTARRING ----- introductory README file
	untar_me_first.20.tar.Z ----- contains additional README files
					Unbundle_CWP, Portability
	cwp.20.tar.Z  --- contains cwp, par directory trees
	plot.20.tar.Z --- contains psplot, xplot, Xtcwp, and Xmcwp
		directories depends on cwp and par
	su.20.tar.Z  --- contains su directory tree, depends on
		cwp, and par, also contains codes that interface
		with psplot,xplot, and Xtcwp codes

	Where 20 is the number of the current release.
---------
!!! Improved documentation facilities:
    suhelp -- now gives help for all mains and shells
    suname -- now gives one-liner for all mains and shells
    sudoc --  gives self doc for all mains and shells
----------
----------

New Codes:
---------
suradon -- radon transform of seismic data. (John E. Anderson)

wkbj -- computes ray theoretic parameters for an arbitrary smooth
	v(x,z) wavespeed profile via the "upwind finite-differencing"
	algorithm. (Zhenuye Liu)

susynvxz -- synthetic seismograms via Kirchhoff-WKBJ modeling for
	    an arbitrary smooth v(x,z) wavespeed profile. The WKBJ
	    parameters are computed using the the "upwind
	    finite-differencing" method. (Zhenuye Liu)

susynlvcw -- Converted Wave SYNthetic seismograms for Linear Velocity
	     profiles based on Dave Hale's SUSYNLV. (Mohammed Alfaraj)

supsmax and suxmax -- converted from shell scripts to C. (John Stockwell)



Changes to Existing Codes:
-------------------------
Jack:
susort -- removed tape stuff (old version kept in su/Portability directory)

John:
recast -- added feature to go from char to float and float to char.
xplot, Xtcwp, and Xmcwp -- increased portability:
	xplot:  For users of black and white X-terminals,
		put back in a copy of the old version of the
		rubberbox.c called  oldrubberbox.c. Apparently
		The new version of rubberbox.c is not compatible
		with B&W X-terms.	
	
		For users of color X screens, changed
		the new version of  rubberbox.c to do a
		system call to   " scmap " instead of exiting
		and asking the user to run scmap by hand.	
	Xtcwp:  For users of non-Motif systems, have
		purged the libraries of Xtcwp of the remaining Motif
		dependent items. These have been placed
		in Xmcwp.
Mohammed:
sustatic -- add feature to permit the static correction to be read
	from the header and implemented.


Craig Artley (with hints from Dave Hale):
xplot/lib
	colormap.c---removed a call that was responsible for the
	infamous bug where the first window of the day turns into
	a zombie when you try to close it.

Xtcwp/include
	Axes.h, AxesP.h, Xtcwp.h---minor things consistent with:

Xtcwp/lib
	Axes.c---draw vertical axis label parallel to axis (looks
	better, and preserves screen real estate)
	colormap.c---same as in xplot/lib
	misc.c---new file to hold the function XtcwpDrawString90
		for drawing rotated strings

Xtcwp/main
	xgraph.c---house cleaning
	xmovie.c---Now you can put a C printf format string in the
	title.  I.e., "title=frame %g" would produce titles like
	"frame 1", "frame 2", etc. as the movie progresses.  User
	can specify a dframe= and fframe=.  Also, Button3 pauses
	the movie.
	xrects.c---house cleaning
	XGraph, XMovie, XRects---new application-defaults files
	for the above codes.  Note the new capitalization, consistent
	with X conventions.  Nice colors and better fonts be default
	now.


Finally, there are a number of new codes that are available only to CWP
sponsors---contact us for more info.
