SUMIGGBZO -SU MIGration by Gaussian Beams for Zero Offset data
The "MARATHON MODEL"

Demo5 is the gaussian beam migration of a synthetic data
set consisting of 250 traces, 500 data points per trace,
using the exact wavespeed profile that was used to create
the data.

The synthetic data are generated by the CWP public
domain program   cshot   and the necessary background 
velocity profile is generated
by the program  unif2. Some smoothing is applied with
the program   smo2d. The source code for unif2 and smo2d
is located in miggbzo.dir. We plan to make a version
of smo2d a part of the CWP open source codes at a later date.

Prerequisites:
The CWP open source software packages:  cwp, par, and su
must be installed on your system for the Demos to run.
The demo codes depend on   libcwp.a libpar.a.
These may be obtained from the Center for Wave Phenomena on
request.

ROOT path:
The standard ROOT path that we use here at CWP is
/usr/local/cwp. You will have to change any occurrences
(for example ./miggbzo.dir/Makefile) for this.
of the path name to reflect
the arrangement that exists on your system.


RUNNING the DEMO:

To create the synthetic data
Type:
% Model

The result will be a zero-offset seismic section over
a multilayer model, with piecewise constant wavespeeds.
The model data consists of 180 traces with 500 points per trace.

The model and synthetic data will be displayed on the
screen using the program  suxmovie.

To perform the Gaussian Beam Migration
Type:
% Miggbzo

The result will be the Gaussian Beam Migration of the
synthetic data using the exact background wavespeed model,
constructed by unif2 and smoothed by smo2d.

Note:
The user may use CSHOT to create other model data,
and may use unisam2 (see Demo2/miggbzo.dir) 
to create other background wavespeed
profiles to test  sumiggbzo. See the contents of
model.dir and miggbzo.dir, as well as the shell scripts
Model and Miggbzo for details. For details regarding
CSHOT see CWP Report U-08 (CSHOT documentation).

Cleaning up:
When you are finished running the Demo, you may type
Clean to remove all temporary files associated with the Demo.


John Stockwell
Center for Wave Phenomena
Colorado School o.Mines
Golden, CO 80401

john@di.Mines.EDU

(303) 273-3557
