Demos by:  Seonghyung Jang

These directories contain demos for the CWP Free Codes
and SU.  The intent is provide users some example processing
scripts.  Other important sources for learning about SU are:

1. The SU User's Manual -- contained in the SU electronic distribution.
   We suggest that new users start by looking at this document.

2. Seismic Un*x: a Primer, by Forel, D., T. Benz, and W. Pennington,
    (2006) Society of Exploration Geophysicists  

The demos in this directory tree are sorted by geophysical
topic/method and consist of shell scripts that are intended to be
ready-to-run demos.

Instructions: Copy the directory tree of the particular demo that you
are interested in running into a scratch area.

X-demos: These shell scripts are prefixed with the letter X.  The
X-based demos are ready-to-run shell scripts that should require
little or no modification (apart from being made executable) to run.

PostScript Demos: These shell scripts are prefixed with the letters
PS.  Each of these shell scripts generates PostScript files and echoes
the file names to the terminal window.  Use your postscript previewer
or printer to examine the files.  Each script is ready to run.
Exception: The PSsort in the directory Sorting_Traces/Tutorial
assumes that you have display postscript (because the intent is to
use tutorial scripts interactively).

Running the demos: All demo scripts are executed by typing the name of
the shell script on the command line. There may be some delay as data
are being generated/processed.  The X demos put up a number of
windows, leaving too many windows around will bog down your computer.
We provide "zap" a CWP shell script tool to get rid of the demo
windows in batches like this:

% zap xmovie

or like this:
% zap 'xmovie|ximage'

WARNING: "zap" kills all processes with the target pattern in the
name, so "zap xmovie" would kill a process like "vi xmovie.c".  "zap"
is inherently dangerous, but killing (say) 8 windows one by one gets
very tiresome.

Suggested tour through the demos for SU beginners (each directory
has an explanatory README file):

	Making_Data

	Filtering/Sufilter

	Time_Frequency_Analysis

	Deconvolution
	
	Sorting_Traces
		Tutorial
		Demo
	
	Selecting_Traces

	NMO

        Velocity_Analysis



Then look at any other Demo directory that seems interesting to you.
Comments about the existing demos and suggestions for additional ones
are most welcome.


John Stockwell	 | john@dix.Mines.EDU
Center for Wave Phenomena (The Home of Seismic Un*x)
Colorado School of Mines
Golden, CO 80401 | http://www.cwp.mines.edu/cwpcodes
voice: (303) 273-3049  |    fax: (303) 273-3478.
